README.md, before:

# TryHackMe Writeups
In this repository I will publish writeups that I will make to various [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/) rooms that I take.

Table of Contents
=================
* [Introduction](#Introduction)
* [Writeups](#Writeups)

# Introduction

1. This repository is used for the writeups that I make for TryHackMe rooms that I complete.
2. Every writeup will be placed in a different folder with it's own Readme.md file.
3. Links to these Readme.md files will be placed in this file.

# Writeups

The links to made writeups will be placed here.

|				   	   Name						|				 Description				 | Difficulty |
|:---------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------:|:----------:|
|[Agent Sudo](/Agent_Sudo/README.md)			|Hack inside the server and reveal the truth |	  Easy	  |
|[RootMe](/RootMe/README.md)					|A ctf for begginers						 |	  Easy	  |
|[Inclusion](/Inclusion/README.md)				|A begginer level LFI challenge				 |	  Easy	  |
|[Pickle Rick](/Pickle_Rick/README.md)			|A Rick and Morty themed CTF				 |	  Easy	  |
|[Basic Pentesting](/Basic_Pentesting/README.md)|Web app hacking and privesc				 |	  Easy	  |
|[Overpass](/Overpass/README.md)				|Hack a password manager					 |	  Easy	  |
|[Overpass 3](/Overpass3/README.md)				|Overpass is now a hosting provider			 |	  Easy	  |
|[IDE](IDE/README.md)							|Box for training enumeration skills		 |	  Easy	  |
|[ToolsRus](/ToolsRus/README.md)				|Practise using pentesting tools			 |	  Easy	  |
|[Gallery](/Gallery/README.md)					|Exploitation of image gallery system		 |	  Easy	  |
|[Zeno](/Zeno/README.md)						|Pentest machine and become root user		 |	 Medium	  |
|[Road](/Road/README.md)						|Inspired by a real-world pentest engagement |	 Medium	  |
|[Scripting](/Scripting/README.md)				|Learn basic scritping by solving challenges |	 Medium	  |
|[CyberCrafted](/CyberCrafted/README.md)		|Pwn this pay-to-win Minecraft server		 |	 Medium	  |

Commit message:

Added link to Bounty Hacker writeup

README.md, after:

# TryHackMe Writeups
In this repository I will publish writeups that I will make to various [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com/) rooms that I take.

Table of Contents
=================
* [Introduction](#Introduction)
* [Writeups](#Writeups)

# Introduction

1. This repository is used for the writeups that I make for TryHackMe rooms that I complete.
2. Every writeup will be placed in a different folder with it's own Readme.md file.
3. Links to these Readme.md files will be placed in this file.

# Writeups

The links to made writeups will be placed here.

|				   	   Name						|				 Description				 | Difficulty |
|:---------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------:|:----------:|
|[Agent Sudo](/Agent_Sudo/README.md)			|Hack inside the server and reveal the truth |	  Easy	  |
|[Bounty Hacker](/Bounty_Hacker/README.md)		|Prove that you are elite bounty hacker		 |	  Easy	  |
|[RootMe](/RootMe/README.md)					|A ctf for begginers						 |	  Easy	  |
|[Inclusion](/Inclusion/README.md)				|A begginer level LFI challenge				 |	  Easy	  |
|[Pickle Rick](/Pickle_Rick/README.md)			|A Rick and Morty themed CTF				 |	  Easy	  |
|[Basic Pentesting](/Basic_Pentesting/README.md)|Web app hacking and privesc				 |	  Easy	  |
|[Overpass](/Overpass/README.md)				|Hack a password manager					 |	  Easy	  |
|[Overpass 3](/Overpass3/README.md)				|Overpass is now a hosting provider			 |	  Easy	  |
|[IDE](IDE/README.md)							|Box for training enumeration skills		 |	  Easy	  |
|[ToolsRus](/ToolsRus/README.md)				|Practise using pentesting tools			 |	  Easy	  |
|[Gallery](/Gallery/README.md)					|Exploitation of image gallery system		 |	  Easy	  |
|[Zeno](/Zeno/README.md)						|Pentest machine and become root user		 |	 Medium	  |
|[Road](/Road/README.md)						|Inspired by a real-world pentest engagement |	 Medium	  |
|[Scripting](/Scripting/README.md)				|Learn basic scritping by solving challenges |	 Medium	  |
|[CyberCrafted](/CyberCrafted/README.md)		|Pwn this pay-to-win Minecraft server		 |	 Medium	  |
