IDE/README.md, before:

# IDE
This writeup is intended for IDE room in [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com).

Table of Contents
=================
* [URL](#URL)
* [Introduction](#Introduction)
	* [Port scan](#Port-scan)
	* [Further port scan](#Further-port-scan)
* [FTP login](#FTP-login)
* [HTTP login](#HTTP-login)

# URL
URL to the IDE room is: https://tryhackme.com/room/ide

# Introduction
IDE is an easy difficulty box intended for further developing enumeration skills.
The task is to gain shell access on the box and escalate privilleges.

## Port scan
I started this room with simple port scan using `nmap`. The command I have used was `sudo nmap -vv -sS -oN -p- initial_scan.txt IP`. Explanation of the used flags is presented below:
```
sudo - gives nmap root privilleges.
-vv - verbosity. Prints out more information about what the nmap scan is doing.
-sS - SYN (stealth) scan. Checks the status of ports by initiating TCP connections but never completing them.
-p- - specify ports to be scanned. Hyphen (-) indicates to scan all 65535 ports.
-oN - normal output is redirected to a given filename (in this case - initial_scan.txt).
IP - IP address of the target machine.
```
Finished scan found ***4*** open TCP ports. These ports are: ***21***, ***22***, ***80*** and ***62337***.

## Further port scan
Now let's do a more throughout scan of these ports with the command `nmap -vv -A -p 21,22,80,62337 -oN open_ports.txt IP`. Expanation for this command is presented below:
```
-vv - verbosity. Prints out more information about what the nmap scan is doing.
-A - aggresive scan options. Enables OS edection (-O), version scanning (-sV), script scanning (-sC) and traceroute (--traceroute) flags.
-p - specify ports to scan.
-oN - normal output is redirected to a given filename (in this case - open_ports.txt).
IP - IP address of the target machine.
```
This scan gave more information about the ports open and services running on top of them. Let's take a look at the newly found information:
1. Port `21` is running FTP service and it's version `vsftpd 3.0.3`.
	a. ftp-anon script scan results indicates that Anonymous FTP login is allowed.
2. Port `22` is running SSH service.
3. Port `80` is running Apache HTTP service.
4. Port `62337` is running another HTTP service.
	a. http-title of this server is Codiad 2.8.4. This specific version of Codiad has a vulnerability which allows Remote Code Execution (RCE) attacks and is a possible attack vector for privillege escalation on this system.

# FTP login
Next I will try anonymous login to the FTP service. The command for connecting to the FTP server is `ftp IP`, where `IP` is IP address of the target machine. When prompted for Username, type `anonymous` and leave the Password field empty.
When I had logged in to the FTP server, strangely I found no files in here. So I have used the `ls -lah` command for more information and found ***three*** directories here:
1. `.` and `..` are standard directories on UNIX-like operating systems.
2. `...` is ***not*** a standard directory.
I went to this directory with `cd` command and found a `-` file, which I have downloaded to host machine with FTP's `GET` command.
Then I have changed the name of the file from `-` to a `file` and gave it a `.txt` extension.
After that I have opened the file with a text editor and found a message in here:
```
Hey john,
I have reset the password as you have asked. Please use the default password to login.
Also, please take care of the image file ;)
- drac.
```
This gives us the username `john` for logging into the system with. Also, it says that the password for user `john` has been reset and is set to default.
I found out that this is the user of a webserver at port `62337` and password is, well, just `password`.

# HTTP login
So I have logged into the server via `Firefox` browser with the username `john` and password `password` and it opens an web-based Codiad 2.8.4 administration panel with some python scripts. Based on the code within the scripts, this server is used for retrieving video and photo streams from IP camera(s). This is the server we need to gain shell access to.

Commit message:

Updated writeup with additional information about enumeration of the box and exploiting plan

IDE/README.md, after:

# IDE
This writeup is intended for IDE room in [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com).

Table of Contents
=================
* [URL](#URL)
* [Introduction](#Introduction)
	* [Port scan](#Port-scan)
	* [Further port scan](#Further-port-scan)
* [FTP login](#FTP-login)
* [Password cracking](#Password-cracking)
* [HTTP login](#HTTP-login)
* [Exploiting HTTP server](#Exploiting-HTTP-server)

# URL
URL to the IDE room is: https://tryhackme.com/room/ide

# Introduction
IDE is an easy difficulty box intended for further developing enumeration skills.
The task is to gain shell access on the box and escalate privilleges.

## Port scan
I started this room with simple port scan using `nmap`. The command I have used was `sudo nmap -vv -sS -oN -p- initial_scan.txt IP`. Explanation of the used flags is presented below:
```
sudo - gives nmap root privilleges.
-vv - verbosity. Prints out more information about what the nmap scan is doing.
-sS - SYN (stealth) scan. Checks the status of ports by initiating TCP connections but never completing them.
-p- - specify ports to be scanned. Hyphen (-) indicates to scan all 65535 ports.
-oN - normal output is redirected to a given filename (in this case - initial_scan.txt).
IP - IP address of the target machine.
```
Finished scan found ***4*** open TCP ports. These ports are: ***21***, ***22***, ***80*** and ***62337***.

## Further port scan
Now let's do a more throughout scan of these ports with the command `nmap -vv -A -p 21,22,80,62337 -oN open_ports.txt IP`. Expanation for this command is presented below:
```
-vv - verbosity. Prints out more information about what the nmap scan is doing.
-A - aggresive scan options. Enables OS edection (-O), version scanning (-sV), script scanning (-sC) and traceroute (--traceroute) flags.
-p - specify ports to scan.
-oN - normal output is redirected to a given filename (in this case - open_ports.txt).
IP - IP address of the target machine.
```
This scan gave more information about the ports open and services running on top of them. Let's take a look at the newly found information:
1. Port `21` is running FTP service and it's version `vsftpd 3.0.3`.
	a. ftp-anon script scan results indicates that Anonymous FTP login is allowed.
2. Port `22` is running SSH service.
3. Port `80` is running Apache HTTP service.
4. Port `62337` is running another HTTP service.
	a. http-title of this server is Codiad 2.8.4. This specific version of Codiad has a vulnerability which allows Remote Code Execution (RCE) attacks and is a possible attack vector for privillege escalation on this system.

# FTP login
Next I will try anonymous login to the FTP service. The command for connecting to the FTP server is `ftp IP`, where `IP` is IP address of the target machine. When prompted for Username, type `anonymous` and leave the Password field empty.
When I had logged in to the FTP server, strangely I found no files in here. So I have used the `ls -lah` command for more information and found ***three*** directories here:
1. `.` and `..` are standard directories on UNIX-like operating systems.
2. `...` is ***not*** a standard directory.
I went to this directory with `cd` command and found a `-` file, which I have downloaded to host machine with FTP's `GET` command.
Then I have changed the name of the file from `-` to a `file` and gave it a `.txt` extension.
After that I have opened the file with a text editor and found a message in here:
```
Hey john,
I have reset the password as you have asked. Please use the default password to login.
Also, please take care of the image file ;)
- drac.
```
This gives us the name of the user `john`. Also, it says that the password for user `john` has been reset and is set to default. Likely, this is the user of the webserver at port `62337`. Well, if the user has default password, it should not be hard to crack it.

# Password cracking.
For this I have used the tool `hydra`. The full command for this task was `hydra -t 4 -l john -P /usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt -vV IP http -s PORT`. A throughout explanation is presented below:
```
-t - number of concurrent connections (in this case - 4).
-l - username for which we want to crack the password.
-P - specify location of the wordlist we want to use for cracking the password.
-vV - verbosity level. Printing out every attempt of username and password matching.
IP - IP address of the target.
http - specify type of the service that the target user is using (in this case - http).
-s - specify port of this service (if it is not standard).
```
The scan finished quickly and the password for the user `john` is, well, just `password`.

# HTTP login
So I have logged into the server via `Firefox` browser with the username `john` and password `password` and it opens an web-based ***Codiad 2.8.4*** administration panel with some python scripts. Based on the scripts, this server is used for controlling IP cameras and is the one we need to gain shell access to.

# Exploiting HTTP server
The specific Codiad version used in this box has a well described remote shell upload vulnerability. That is the exploit I will be using to gain shell access to the box.
